Updated doc for src/datastore.jl (#95)
JuliaData/MemPool.jl: docs/src/index.md

# MemPool: A framework for out-of-core and parallel execution

MemPool.jl acts as a gatekeeper and looks at its internal table of "chunks". If space exists
for a DAG, it tells the Dagger Scheduler that it is good to run. It then handles the 
bit-by-bit transfer of data from where it is (RAM/Disk) into that GPU's memory. If there is

> no space and it is full, it tells the Scheduler that the capacity is reached. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MemPool.jl is both a framework and in-memory datababse for storing and accessing Julia
objects, where those objects may live on local or remote (distributed) Julia processes.
This allows for communicating about data stored on remote workers, and even data
potentially paged-out to disk, with a single simple reference (the `DRef`).

As a database, MemPool stores references to objects, and also acts as a "gatekeeper"
when those objects are later accessed through their reference. It can be configured to
page data out to disk, and then when data is accessed, will page out other data to make
space in RAM for this newly-loaded data. This allows MemPool to provide "out-of-core"
data management for libraries or applications - Dagger.jl is one such library that utilizes
MemPool for this purpose.
```

I didn't feel like this really represents what MemPool does, from a MemPool-centric standpoint, and was also a bit too much attempting to be detailed about a very specific use case.

Note: when using MemPool with multiple workers, make sure that the workers are

> initialized *before* importing MemPool This ensures the package is loaded on all nodes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Remote Workers Caveat

When using MemPool with multiple workers, make sure that the workers are
initialized *before* importing MemPool. This ensures the package is loaded on all nodes:
```

```julia-repl
julia> using Distributed

julia> addprocs(2)

julia> using MemPool
```

-----

## Quickstart: Data Management

For more details: [Data Management](@ref)

> The core of MemPool revolves around `DRef`(Distributed Reference). A `DRef` is a pointer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core of MemPool revolves around the `DRef` (Distributed Reference). A `DRef` is a pointer
```

to data that might live in local RAM, remote RAM, or on disk.

### Creating and retreiving data

> Use `poolset` to register data with the pool and `poolget` to retreive the actual value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `poolset` to register data with the pool and `poolget` to retrieve the actual value:

```

```julia
using MemPool

A = rand(1000, 1000)
ref = poolset(A)

A_retrieved = poolget(ref)
```

> This will move a large array (A) into a ref using `poolset(A)`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will track a large array (`A`) as a `DRef` using `poolset(A)`. 
```

If you wanted to clear the data from local scope and retrive it later 

> from the `DRef`, run `poolget(ref)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now safely clear the reference `A` (such as by `A = nothing`),
and later retrieve `A` from the `DRef` using `poolget(ref)`.
```

### Manual Worker Assignment

You can force data to be stored on a specific worker by passing a worker ID to 'poolset':

```julia
ref_w2 = poolset(rand(500), 2)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note that if the current worker is not worker 2, this will make a copy of the array
from `rand(500)` on worker 2, and will not share memory with the original array.

```

> ### Quickstart: Out-of-Core Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Quickstart: Out-of-Core Configuration
```

> When `membound` is reached, MemPool will trigger a GC sweep or move data to the `diskpath`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MemPool provides helper functions to setup out-of-core data management for all
`DRef`s created with `poolset`.
```

Moved the explanation below the example.

> ## Enabling the Disk Cache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enabling the Disk Cache

```

```julia
# 1. Define the configuration
cfg = MemPool.DiskCacheConfig(
    toggle = true,
    membound = 4 * 1024^3,                  # 4GB RAM Limit
    diskpath = "/tmp/mempool_cache",        # Disk storage location
    allocator_type = "LRU"                  # Least Recently Used eviction
)

# 2. Apply the configuration
MemPool.setup_global_device!(cfg)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When the amount of data tracked by MemPool exceeds `membound` in byte size,
MemPool will perform activities such as triggering a GC sweep, or swapping other
data to `diskpath` and removing that other data from memory. Note that `diskpath`
must be a directory - each piece of data gets it own file.

```

> ## Memory Reservation Logic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Memory Reservation Logic
```

MemPool includes a `ensure_memory_reserved` mechanism. When a `poolset` is called, the system checks if the OS is running
tight on memory. If so, it will:
1. Trigger a local GC.
2. If memory is still tight, trigger a full `GC.gc(true)`.

> 3. Finally, trigger a cluster-wide GC (`@everywhere GC.gc(true)`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MemPool includes an `ensure_memory_reserved` mechanism, which prevents memory
usage from exceeding a set global memory boundary. When a `poolset` is called,
the system checks if the OS is running tight on memory. If so, it will:
1. Trigger a local GC.
2. If memory is still tight, trigger a full `GC.gc(true)`.
3. Finally, trigger a cluster-wide GC (`@everywhere GC.gc(true)`). 

This mechanism is separate from the `DiskCacheConfig` logic, and can be configured by
tuning `MemPool.MEM_RESERVED[]` (this is specified in terms of the minimum number
of bytes that must be free for use by the OS).
```

### Quickstart: Persistence & Migration

> ## Migrating Data Between Workers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Quickstart: Persistence & Migration

### Migrating Data Between Workers
```

> You can move data from one worker to another without breaking existing references:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If necessary, data can be moved (copied) from one worker to another, without breaking
existing `DRef` references:
```

```julia
# Move data from current owner to worker 3
new_ref = MemPool.migrate!(ref, 3)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

While it does return `new_ref` (a reference to the newly-copied data on worker 3),
accesses to `ref` will also automatically redirect to `new_ref` during `poolget`.
This can be very helpful to seamlessly migrate data when it would be more efficient
to read the data from another worker. Dagger.jl uses this mechanism for its streaming
API, which uses it to migrate streaming tasks to other workers while they run.

```

> ## Managed File I/O

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Managed File I/O
```

Treat files as managed `DRef` objects to avoid loading massive datasets into RAM all at once:

```julia
#Create a lazy refence to a serialized Julia file
f = MemPool.File("large_dataset.jls")

#Data is only loaded when explicitly requested
data = poolget(f)

> ```

Reviewer: This is specifically a Dagger feature (it's `Dagger.File`), so we can either say "See the Dagger docs for how to do this", or give the example but update it to use `Dagger.File` and `fetch(f)` as the means to access the data.
